feat!: accept predicate input data on the `Predicate` constructor (#1826)
FuelLabs/fuels-ts: apps/docs/src/guide/predicates/send-and-spend-funds-from-predicates.md

Once you've compiled the predicate (`forc build`), you'll obtain two important artifacts: the JSON ABI and the predicate's binary code. These are needed to instantiate a new predicate.

> This is where we also pass in the predicate's data. Note that the `main` function in our predicate example requires a parameter called `input_address` of type `b256`. We will pass this parameter to the `Predicate` constructor along with the binary code and the JSON ABI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is where we also pass in the predicate's data. Note that the `main` function in our predicate example requires a parameter called `input_address` of type `b256`. We will pass this parameter to the `Predicate` constructor along with the bytecode and the JSON ABI.
```
